

		HTTP REQUESTS AND RESPONSES
1: What type of architecture does the HTTP request and response process occur in?
	Web client-server baesd architecture.   14.1 Student Guide, althought it just mentioned this.  Never really defined what it means.
2: What are the different parts of an HTTP request?
	Request Line, Headers, and the Request Body (optional)
3: Which part of an HTTP request is optional?
	the Request body, as previously stated
4: What are the three parts of an HTTP response?
	The response, the Headers, and the response body
5: Which number class of status codes represents errors?
	400~
6: What are the two most common request methods that a security professional will encounter?
	This question is vague, but I think you want to hear: GET, POST
7: Which type of HTTP request method is used for sending data?
	POST
8: Which part of an HTTP request contains the data being sent to the server?
	Request Body
9: In which part of an HTTP response does the browser receive the web code to generate and style a web page?
	I can only assume in the Headers.  I don't think we covered this in any kind of detail.

		USING CURL
10: What are the advantages of using curl over the browser?
	Curl can view the HTML source of a page, Without loading all the javascript junk.  Allowing you view what might happen when you load the page in a browser.
11: Which curl option is used to change the request method?
	-X #Ie. curl -X POST -d "sample string" https:/samplewebpage.com  -----Would POST sample string to samplewebpage
12: Which curl option is used to set request headers?
	-X
13: Which curl option is used to view the response header?
	-I	
14: Which request method might an attacker use to figure out which HTTP requests an HTTP server will accept?
	OPTIONS #I know the flag, just NO IDEA HOW TO USE IT!!!!

		SESSIONS AND COOKIES:

15: Which response header sends a cookie to the client?
	Set-Cookie: cart=Bob

16: Which request header will continue the client's session?
	Cookie: cart=Bob

		EXAMPLE HTTP REQUESTS AND RESPONSES

17: What is the request method?
	POST - they're trying to login with credentials Barbara/password
18: Which header expresses the client's preference for an encrypted response?
	Upgrade-Insecure-Requests: 1
19: Does the request have a user session associated with it?
	Yes
20: What kind of data is being sent from this request body?
	Login Credentials Barbara/password
21: What is the response status code?
	200 OK! - It loaded the web page
22: What web server is handling this HTTP response?
	Apache
23: Does this response have a user session associated to it?
	Only on days that end in "Y" SessionID=5
24: What kind of content is likely to be in the [page content] response body?
	HTML tags?!?!
25: If your class covered security headers, what security request headers have been included?
	I don't think we covered most of this in class.


		MONOLITHS AND MICROSERVICES
26: What are the individual components of microservices called?
	Front-End Server, Back-End Server, Database
27: What is a service that writes to a database and communicates to other services?
	Back-End Server
28: What type of underlying technology allows for microservices to become scalable and have redundancy?
	Containerization (Docker)

		DEPLOYING AND TESTING A CONTAINER SET
29: What tool can be used to deploy multiple containers at once?
	Docker can support multiple containers, and Ansible can launch multiple Docker instances at once.
30: What kind of file format is required for us to deploy a container set?
	YML - Ansible Playbook

		DATABASES
31: Which type of SQL query would we use to see all of the information within a table called customers?
	SELECT * FROM customers
32: Which type of SQL query would we use to enter new data into a table? You don't need a full query, just the first part of the statement.)
	INSERT INTO customers (firstname, lastname) VALUES ('Ross','Dole')
33: Why would we never run DELETE FROM <table-name>; by itself?
	It would erase the ENTIRE table!


		BONUS CHALLENGE OVERVIEW: COOKIE JAR
